/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Monday Feb 12, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Edward
- Arturia
- Kells
- Paul
- Yanze

Agenda:
- Discuss Project Part 2 (Due Friday)
- Assign roles/responsibilities for upcoming deliverables
- Prepare any questions for TA meeting tomorrow

Discussion:
- 1 Person assigned to Project Backlog
  - Yanze
- 2 People assigned to UI Mockups
  - Luke
  - Kells
- 3 People assigned to CRC Cards
  - Paul
  - Arturia
  - Edward

Action Items:
- Add Wiki to GitHub
- Complete Part 2 deliverables by Friday

TA Questions:
- Submission procedure for part 2
- Admin role "Browse Images" action, is this specific to each event or 
should there be a general gallery of all photos to browse?
- 2 QR Code generators (one for event check-in, one for event details)?
- Attendee "Update Info like Homepage", is this supposed to be the attendee's
web page or something?
- Citing code

Next Meeting:
- Tuesday Feb 13, 2024
- Weekly TA/Client Meeting
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
TA Meeting - Tuesday Feb 13, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Edward
- Arturia
- Paul
- Yanze

Agenda:
- Regular standup

Discussion:
- "Browse Images" is per event
- "Homepage" is just the profile page
- No "invites", treat events like university poster events
where the QR code just gives you event info. No RSVP or anything

Action Items:
- Continue on from last meeting

TA Questions:

Next Meeting:

/*********************************/
TA Meeting - Tuesday Feb 19, 2024 

Meeting Attendees:
Luke
Edward
Arturia
Kells
Paul
Yanze

Agenda:
Discuss about/go over part3  

Discussion:
Firebase
How to create the QR code(from the open source?)
Update the UI and requirements
Start from UML or coding first(maybe code first)
update backlog during the reading week
Some user stories need to be added in the backlog  

TA Questions: 

Next Meeting:
TBD  
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
TA Meeting - Tuesday Feb 27, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
Luke
Edward
Arturia
Paul
Yanze
Kells

Agenda:
TA Weekly meeting

Discussion:
Standup, Any questions

Action Items:
Work on backlog, Part 3 deliverables

TA Questions:

Next Meeting:
Next weekend
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Sunday March 3, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Arturia
- Paul
- Yanze
- Kells

Agenda:
- Discuss Project Part 3 (Due Friday)

Discussion:
- QR Code -> Kells
- Activities (database) 
- Events -> Paul, Yanze, Arturia

Action Items:
- Complete Part 3 deliverables by Friday

TA Questions:
- QR Scanner, can we basically steal this from online?

Next Meeting:
- Tuesday March 4, 2024
- Weekly TA/Client Meeting
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Monday Mar 18, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Edward
- Arturia
- Kells
- Paul

Agenda:
- Discuss Project Part 4
- Assign roles/responsibilities for upcoming deliverables
- Prepare any questions for TA meeting tomorrow

Discussion:
- Event Creation -> Paul, Yanze
- QR (After Event Creation) -> Kells
- Unit Testing -> Edward, Luke
- Database -> Arturia

Action Items:
- Finish Activity files
- Create Events
- Build tests

TA Questions:
- Does someone need to sign up to check in?
- Testing QR code scanner

Next Meeting:
- Tuesday March 19, 2024
- Weekly TA/Client Meeting
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Tuesday March 19, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Arturia
- Paul
- Yanze
- Edward

Agenda:
Discuss Project Part 4, talking about the progress and questions 

Discussion:
Storing image in database
QR code generation question 
Sign in and check in

TA Questions:
- check in without sharing location
- No need to sign up to check in
- No need to generate a new qr code after creating the event
- The qr codes have to be unique 
- same string always makes the same qr code
- The attendee can browsing all future events in the event list
- Two places attendees can check notifications, inside app and notification bar
- Attendeesâ€™ GeoLocation is not necessary to join any event, even if the organizer asks.
- Validating the date when creating the event.




Next Meeting:
- Monday March 25, 2024

/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Monday March 25, 2024

Meeting Attendees:
- Luke
- Arturia
- Paul
- Kells
- Edward
- Yanze

Agenda:
Discuss Project Part 4, talking about the progress and questions 

Discussion:
- Arturia -> Making unit tests for database stuff, events, geolocation tracking
- Edward -> Automatic photo generation based on profile, shape uploaded image into circle
- Paul -> Generating QR / Create Event / Organizer Event Screen
- Kells -> Update Check-In to automatically check in on QR scan
- Yanze -> UML updates
- Luke -> Update UI, Admin

TA Questions:


Next Meeting:
- Tuesday March 26, 2024
- Weekly TA/Client Meeting
/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Thursday April 4

Meeting Attendees:
Luke
Arturia
Paul
Kells
Edward
Yanze

Agenda:
Discuss Project Part 4, talking about the progress and questions 

Discussion:
Remaining
Check In Milestone
Notifications
View Event Announcements on Event Page
Add poster to EventQRActivity
Map geo-location
Admin remove profiles / pictures
Displaying all events

TA Questions:


/*********************************/

/*********************************/
Internal Meeting - Sunday April 7

Meeting Attendees:
Luke
Arturia
Paul
Kells
Edward
Yanze

Agenda:
Discuss remaining action items, presentation, work together to finish

Discussion:
Finishing outstanding user stories
Work on tests

TA Questions:


/*********************************/
